Add instruction to setup git gpg signing (#125)
theforeman/foreman-installer-modulesync: README.md

## Releasing

### Setup

> Ensure that a GPG key is configured for signing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure Git knows which GPG key to use for signing. You can set the key globally with:
```

```

> git config --global user.signingkey <YOUR_PUB_KEY>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git config --global user.signingkey <YOUR_KEYID>
```

You don't need to paste the whole public key here ;)
